  I am an Electrical and Electronics Engineering student at the University of Warwick in my second year. 
  
CSIA - The point of this project was to help my aunt who had a 9 year old son. Since classes were online due to covid, my cousin couldn't have pracitce in basic operations of math and was all into videogames. Even after online eductation, videogames became a regular habit of his and so she asked me for help. To fix her problem she was trying to get him away from the computers. This solution was teporary and was not very effective.To fix this problem, she has asked me whether I can do anything about it and as seen by the transcript, when I proposed the idea of making a teaching game she loved it. To rest his eyes, I have given that chance to my client, as she is the one inputting questions and she can input as many or as little as she wants, where she can assume the time he will spend playing the game and make it healthy.

ErenCSEE - The purpose of this project comparing AVL trees’ time complexity with hash tables’ time complexity regarding searching, insertion, and deletion algorithms. I wanted to research on databases as their importance in the world has increased due to data structures being reusable, efficient and reusable. I chose Hash tables and AVL trees to do my research on as they have many applications such as cryptocurrency and checking for plagiarism. AVL trees where the second choice as they also had many important uses such as indexing massive recors in databases and effectivly searching a database.

MathIA - In the modern world, passwords are commonly used in every subject to keep personal information secret and private. Since my childhood, I have always enjoyed working with electronic devices, leading me to learn how to code. I became curious about cybersecurity and hacking when I got deeper into the subject. This curiosity increased when I took a cyber security course in the summer of 2022. In this course, I have learned the basics of cyber security and got the chance to work on a Linux-based computer to learn cyber security. I also learned to hack an extremely vulnerable system in this course. After this course, I wanted to investigate how increasing the length of a password would effect the probabiblty of that password being cracked under 5 minutes, hence wrote thid code to collect data for my investigation. 

Task_Schedule.app - This was a very small project in C++ for me to help myself manage my time and write a task schedulaer code.
